Update chain signatures use case (#1853)
near/docs: docs/1.concepts/abstraction/signatures/use-case.md

Trading assets across different blockchains usually require using a bridge that supports them, bringing longer settlement times as the trades are not atomic and require confirmation on both blockchains.

> Using Chain signatures, you can trade assets across chains without sending transactions to move assets through blockchain bridges by simply swapping the ownership of different blockchain accounts (e.g., Bitcoin and Ethereum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Chain signatures, you can trade assets across chains simply swapping the ownership of NEAR accounts that control funds on different blockchains. For example, you could trade a NEAR account that controls a Bitcoin account with `X BTC` for another NEAR account that controls an Ethereum account with `Y ETH`.
```

> This way, you can keep native tokens on their native blockchain (e.g., `BTC` on Bitcoin, `ETH` on Ethereum, `ARB` on Arbitrum) and trade them without bridges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This way, you can keep native tokens on their native blockchain (e.g., `BTC` on Bitcoin, `ETH` on Ethereum, `ARB` on Arbitrum) and trade them without bridges.
```
